# Team-Charpentier
## Hackbio Internship 2021

### About
This is a repository for the task assigned for stage zero to team-charpentier. This is a collaborative team-project. Each team member have to fork the repository and make the neccesary changes applicable to the assigned task. Then we will prepare the bash script to perform the desired tasks. This README.md contains information about the names of members of team Charpentier, the language they use for their scripts and information about the dependencies you require to run the script on your local machine.

### The Spreadsheet project
* For each person in a team, pick one of the 7 programming languages, Write a script that prints your name, your email, your slack username (with @), your biostack and your twitter handle (with @) in that order.
* Now, in another column output, calculate the output of the Hamming distance between your slack handle and twitter handle.
* The output for every team member should be name, email, <slack_username> (with @) your biostack , <twitter_handle> and <hamming_distance> .
* Push the script to your team’s git repo
* Collaboratively as a team, develop a bash script that clones the git repo, and generates a CSV file from all the outputs of your team’s scripts
* Submit your team’s GitHub link to only the bash script 
* Only the emails and slack handles that are on the CSV sheet generated by your script will be promoted to stage 1

### Team Members and Language

* Ishita Shreshtha : Perl
* Anirudh Arun Upadhyay : PHP
* Vinay Joshi : Bash
* Samuel Oluwoyo : R
* Nitigya : JavaScript
* Harshita : Python
* Jeel : C++
* Zubair Alam : Python

### Dependencies
The dependencies required to run the following Scripts are mentioned below, make sure you have these installed before running the scripts on your Local Machine.

* ### dos2unix : sudo apt install dos2unix
This Program is used in the Final bash script to compensate for the fact that most the scripts were written in Window OS. When running these scripts in Linux, they give an 'bad interpreter' error due to the different conventions used in Window and Linux when going to a new line. In Windows it uses ("\r\n") whereas in Linux its just ("\n")

* PHP : https://windows.php.net/download#php-7.3 
* Bash : None 
* R : https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/#download 
* Python : https://www.python.org/downloads/ 
* C++ : https://sourceforge.net/projects/gcc-win64/ 
* Perl : sudo apt install perl
* Node : sudo apt install nodejs

You have to install these to run the main bash sciprt on you computer
